<GAME NAME> README
Cornerstone

CONTRIBUTORS
Akshay Srivatsan asrivat1@jhu.edu
Andrew Zhu azhu8@jhu.edu
Grady Xiao gxiao2@jhu.edu
Pratyush Trivedi ptrived8@jhu.edu

To compile and run, type the following:
cd src/
make
./gameManager

Assignment 9 Task Writeups

General Notes:


Akshay


Andrew
- for beta: fixed issue with powerup overlay disappearing, fixed sound effects
    to play properly, and not loop infinitely.
- implemented passing entities between states: used for keeping heroes around
    when going into results state
- updated README with up to date stuff!
- code readability changes (refactoring!)
- performance updates to level reading, text display

Grady
- Refactored art components so we can have overlay that's tied to the hero position.
  This is extended to be used for power up art component and ammo bar art component.

Pratyush



GENERAL CONTROLS
- Press ESC to quit game
- Press q to return to MENU
- Press p to skip preview, transit text, results, etc.

GAMEPLAY CONTROLS
- Player 1 uses wasd to move and v to shoot
- Player 2 uses arrows to move and m to shoot.
- Cheatcodes: press k to grant invincibility and infinite jumps, l to skip level

MENU CONTROLS
- Press up and down to change options, SPACE to select

GAMEPLAY
Defeat your classmates and rise to college fame! Avoid obstacles and enemies,
and progress through the level using well timed jumps. Use powerups and quick
maneuvers to outrun, outgun, and outsmart your opponents!

POWERUPS
- Airplane in box is non-weapon ammo
- Chemical flask is infinite health
- Red bull is infinite jump
- Beer inverts your control

CAMERA
- Allows for preview of levels and scrolling of levels
- Camera moves with at a constant speed from left to right during gameplay
- Players incurs damage on collision with left border, incurs death if squished
    between left border and a wall.

LEVEL EDITOR
- the game reads in a text file to determine the layout of the level
- all players, enemies, terrain and powerups are placed this way. See
    EntityManager's populateLevel() method.

ANIMATION
The hero and the enemy each have an AnimationComponent that will update
their sprites. If the character is moving at a velocity of more than 0.01,
we cycle through a four frame walking animation in the direction they are
facing. These frames are stored in the top row of the spritesheet. If the
character is not moving, we cycle through a two frame idle animation which is
in the second row of the spritesheet. If the character is taking damage, a
two frame animation is flashed twice. If the character is throwing a
projectile, a four frame animation is played. If the character is jumping, a
four frame animation is played. If the character is sliding down a wall, a
four frame animation is cycled.

CLASS STRUCTURE
Entity
    This is a skeleton for any object that appears on the screen. To add
    functionality, various Components are attached to an Entity. The
    EntityBuilder is responsible for creating and destroying entities.

Handlers (aka. Systems)
    These objects handle entities, performing various functions depending on
    the entity's components. For example, the PhysicsHandler will look at
    each entity's PhysicsComponent to calculate where the entity should move to.
    Once these calculations are made, the Handler will update that Entity's
    PhysicsComponent. Handlers can emit commands if they want another Handler
    to do something for them.

Components
    These define certain types of behavior for an entity. Their fields are used
    to determine how handlers interact with them. Some components can run
    complex functions to tell their handlers exactly what to do with them.
    The original components are now going to serve as base classes, so each
    type of component implements the same methods with inheritance.

Commands
    These are used to by Handlers to communicate with each other. Each handler
    handles a different set of commands. Some handlers don't process components,
    and only handle commands.

GameManager
    The game manager maintains the game loop, all entities, and all commands.
    It is also responsible for startup and shutdown of the game.


QUIRKS
- no game name yet!
- disabled the down key due to bugs that allow you to sink into the terrain

TODOS
verify deletion was implemented properly w/ vectors! (valgrind in ugrad lab?)
revamp terrain -> fewer rectangles!
EntityEnum instead of dynamic casts everywhere? (see camera.cpp, etc.)
CommandBus/ComponentList?
Shift camera based on both heroes simultaneously
RespawnEntity class? (take out initialX, initialY from everyone)
Segfault with fonts (on mac only?)
Tuning of camera speed/character speed
Sounds: handle stop sounds before start sounds?
GAME NAME - STOP PUNTING
revamp layers -> enum/drawingHandler has vector<vector<>>
change powerup enum to be separate?
powerup overlays lagging behind player?
Use State inheritance + begin() method instead of switch case in GameManager
transition to std::for_each + lamdbas where useful
verify animation w/ sliding works properly!
revamp enums: embed type code into enum?
use auto for iterators
update score with something else
change previewOn to autoShiftOn (invert stuff...)
consolidate enums into enum.h -> change setting timecount in AnimationComponent
sliding in results state?
slow-mo nesting (multiple projectiles in kill range)

TIME TO BEAT (average dt level 2 over 23 trials): 25.69
